his vitals are dropping we're losing him
we really want to upload we could be
together forever you're so amazing but
forever is just like uploads that way Oh
ours the other way what do you want to
do
three-two-one upload
hello Nathan ten fingers and toes pretty
seamless this is the first day of the
rest of your afterlife
welcome to Lakeview public views
timeless Americana this one do I dare
dare you boundaries you denied in-app
purchase required this is what you look
like for real you're not some old dude
or something no this is me do your QD so
I understand you're in a bad place
yesterday it's only weird if you make it
weird
[Music]
you're dead man there's a guy at Lincoln
- he's in computers you know you can
walk on water whenever you want no way
I'm not even supposed to be here nobody
feels like they should be here you think
I wanted to fall into the Grand Canyon
that's how you died they should expect
people to try and break the glass floor
I saw that video you dabbed on the way
down that's how you hit the lights
[Music]
you